Privacy Policy
Shubhji (hereinafter referred to as "Shubhji") is concerned about the privacy of its users (hereinafter referred to as "You" "Your" "Yourself") accessing its website located at [Your Website Address] (hereinafter referred to as "Website") and has provided this Privacy Policy ("Policy") to familiarise You with the manner in which Shubhji collects, uses and discloses your information collected through the Website.
By using the Website, You agree to the terms and conditions of this Policy. If you disagree with any part of the Policy, please do not use our Website.
1. Personal Information:
This Policy explains how Shubhji collects personal and non-personal information, classified as mandatory or voluntary and uses, discloses and protects such information through the Website. 'Personal Information' is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person (hereinafter referred to as "Personal Information"). Personal Information for the purposes of this Policy shall include, but not limited to, information regarding your name, address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, e-mail address, etc.
(a) You may need to provide Shubhji your Personal Information during the course of using some services of Shubhji, for instance, creating a User ID, provide information in Your account while registering on the Website, or provide financial information while making an online purchase, upload content, participate in any online survey or contest, communicate with Shubhji's customer service by phone, email or otherwise, provide reviews for the content available on the Website.
(b) If the Website requests You to provide Personal Information, You will be informed for the particular purposes for which the information is gathered and adequate security measures will be taken to protect Your Personal Information.
(c) You may choose whether or not to provide Personal Information to Shubhji. If you choose not to provide the Personal Information we require and request, You can still visit most of Shubhji's Website, but You understand that You may be unable to access certain options, offers, and services that involve our interaction with You.
(d) Shubhji does not trade or sell Your Personal Information in any manner, except as specified herein below, or if express consent is sought from You:
i. To facilitate Your use of the Website.
ii. To respond to Your inquiries or fulfil Your requests for information about the various services.
iii. To provide You with information about Shubhji's products/services and to send You information, materials, and offers from Shubhji.
iv. To send You important information regarding the Website, changes to Shubhji's terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information.
v. To send You surveys and marketing communications that Shubhji believes may be of interest to You.
vi. To personalise your experience on the Website and Shubhji's other websites by presenting advertising, products and offers tailored to You.
vii. To help You address Your problems with the Website including addressing any technical problems.
viii. If You purchase any content or avail of any service from the Website, to complete and fulfil Your purchase, for example, to have Your payments processed, communicate with You regarding Your purchase and provide You with related customer service.
ix. For proper administering of the Website.
x. To conduct internal reviews and data analysis for the Website (e.g., to determine the number of visitors to specific pages within the Website).
xi. To improve the services, content and advertising on the Website.
xii. To protect the integrity of the Website; and
xiii. To respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by applicable law.
(e) You acknowledge that if You upload any content on the Website, such content may contain information including Personal Information and the same may be available to the other users of the Website. Shubhji will not be liable for the disclosure and dissemination of such Personal Information to any third parties.
(f) Shubhji may gather certain information about You, such as internet protocol (IP) addresses, domain name, browser type, operating system, the date and time of the visit and the pages visited. The duration of Your stay on the Website is also stored in the session along with the date and time of Your access. These data are used by Shubhji to understand the use and number of user visiting the Website. Shubhji reserves the right share information related to the Website and Your visit to the Website with its by the sponsors, investors, advertisers, developer, strategic business partners and some associates in order to enhance and grow our business and the Website.
2. Amendments
Shubhji reserves its right to revise the Policy from time to time, without notice and at its absolute discretion, and such revisions shall be binding on You.
3. Cookies
The Website may place a cookie on the Your computer or/and handheld device. A cookie is a small text file that a website places on the Your computer or handheld device's hard drive. Its purpose is to let the Website know when You visit the Website and to perform certain functions including but not limited to saving passwords, personal preferences, etc. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to Your Personal Information while accessing the Website. Once You close Your browser, the cookie shall automatically terminate. Further, third parties engaged with Shubhji including but not limited to investors, vendors, advertisers, sponsors etc., may use cookies on the Website. Shubhji does not, however, have any access to or control over cookies used by such third parties.
4. Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability
Neither the Website, Shubhji nor any of its agents, or any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Website is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages or claims or losses arising out of Your access to, or use of, the Website or any content available on the Website.
5. Security
(a) Wherever your Personal Information may be held within Shubhji, Shubhji intends to take reasonable steps to protect it from unauthorised access or disclosure. Shubhji is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorised access, use, or disclosure. We have undertaken commercially reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorised Internet access to visitor data retained in our servers, however, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, Shubhji cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information, including Personal Information, You transmit to us or any information provided online, and you do so at your own risk. You must accept all risks associated with any data transmission, including the risk that their Personal Information may be intercepted in transit.
(b) The Website encrypts Your credit card number and other Personal Information using secure socket layer (SSL) technology to provide for the secure transmission of the information from your PC to our servers. In addition, only those employees and third parties who need access to You information in order to perform their duties are allowed such access.
6. Personal Information Accuracy
To the extent that you do provide Shubhji with Personal Information, Shubhji wishes to maintain accurate Personal Information. Where Shubhji collects Personal Information from You on the Website, its aim is to provide a means of contacting Shubhji should You need to update or correct that information. If for any reason those means are unavailable or inaccessible, you may send updates and corrections about your Personal Information to shubhjiofficial@gmail.com and Shubhji will make reasonable efforts to incorporate the changes.
7. Children's Privacy and Parental Controls
This Website is not intended for persons under the age of 13, and we have no intention of collecting or soliciting Personal Information from persons under the age of 13. If you are not 13 or older, you are not authorised to use the Website.
8. Change of Control
Please also note that we do reserve the right to transfer your Personal Information and other information as an asset in connection with a proposed or actual merger or sale (including any transfers made as part of an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding) involving all or part of our business or as part of a corporate reorganization, stock sale or other change in control. In such a circumstance You would be bound by the terms of this Policy.
9. Applicable Law and Dispute Resolution
The Policy herein shall be construed in accordance with and be governed by the laws of India. All disputes arising out of or/and relating to the Policy shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts in New Delhi.

